hey guys I'm 13 here and this is Baba
this is my 50cc scooter my wife has a cc
scooter and I recently did a video on
that one this is my own oh well it's
like up what color is it stark blue yes
I thought it was a black this doesn't
really look like what's wrong with the
dark blue anyways yeah it's got a basket
it's functional you know what I do you
know I i have a video where I actually
talked about the fact that I care about
what other people think he will often
comment that I don't care what other
people think but I have a video
specifically saying have a video that
talks about how most people say they
don't care what other people think but
that's bullshit because they do care and
I do care to in that video I'm talking
about like clothing I'm talking about
how if you go on like buy a shirt or if
you buy a shirt or something and you say
to your friend what do you think of this
shirt does it look good and they're like
whatever man if you like it just wear it
and I'm like that's stupid you know i
can't see it i'm wearing it it doesn't
matter if i like it or not you know if
you were wearing a shirt then you should
wear a shirt that I like cuz I'm the one
that's got a look at it you know if I
learn it should I don't need to like it
other people do keanu me so that's
that's the way I think about things like
clothing and stuff um I go to a clothing
store and everyone and not not the
people that work there but like if my
friends tell me that I look really good
in a certain shirt then I'll buy that
shirt doesn't matter whether I like it
or not I'm a skinny guy so I generally
wear like baggy pants and then one of my
ex-girlfriend you want me a pair of like
tight pants it's not very tight but
tighter than anything that I'd ever by
and I'm like oh great thanks hun but I
get lots of compliments when I wear them
because even though I'm thin I've still
got like a
a tight butt like a rounded muscular
butt so even if so I guess I think
people still compliment because I got a
nice butt but anyways this is totally
not the topic i was starting with yeah
but the train is like you know haircuts
too and stuff like that like well i have
a tattoo I have a tattoo it's not it's
about not that big it's my whole back my
whole back is done I have a piece i
think it's called i don't know what's a
call it's a piece of type I don't know
there's a word for it like if you get
your whole back done it's not just a
tattoo it's like something where I don't
know anyway so my whole back's done and
and I've got you know I have so many
times I've gone the question what
happens when you're old what happens if
you don't like the picture anymore what
happens is it's like what do I care it's
on my path even if looking and even
though I'm naked and looking in a mirror
I still can't see it who gives a fuck
you know you can tattoo a big cock back
there I wouldn't care that's an
exaggeration I'd care about that but you
know what i mean you know like I don't
go look at it you know if other people
think say it looks cool then that's fine
by me anyone with any other people don't
you know don't like it they don't you
you don't see very often you'd see it
even if I'm like naked and having sex
with a girl he still doesn't see it it's
on my back unless she's got like a
strap-on on and she's doing it from
behind then she'd be able to see my back
um yeah so what am I going to the bank
yeah so what I don't know if this is a
topic know what I goodness oh I was
going to do a game review this is a game
review for borderlands in case you
haven't figured it out by now no I'll
start again and make that video okay
I'll make that video right now I can't
make that video right now because I've
already been riding for soul no wait a
minute whoo I guess I'm sure on there if
you take your hands off your scooter and
then the scooter sounds like weaving
like that it means you're short on air
shirt on hair what's that aren't you
ball them 13 is it sure to guard I'm
actually in a good mood I'm kissing you
can tell and I'm not bald I just shaved
my head but I am bald being but I saw
that enough hair on the top do not be
considered bald a little sparse and the
sides in the back I still full so
totally gonna be an accident here no no
in fact there's a chance for
yeah no I can't make the game review
right now because i'm almost at the bank
so i guess i'm up to the bank and then
i'll make the game you game review for
borderlands
yeah yeah yeah
what
the
amazed
yeah it but me